Tanah Lot is a rock formation off the Indonesian island of Bali. It is home to the ancient Hindu pilgrimage temple Pura Tanah Lot (literally "Tanah Lot temple"), a popular tourist and cultural icon for photography, Tanah Lot entrance tickets cost 20,000 Rupiah for Indonesian nationals (Rp 15,000 for children), but foreigners have to pay three times the price, or Rp 60,000 (Rp 30,000 for children).
Mount Batur (Gunung Batur) is an active volcano located at the center of two concentric calderas north west of Mount Agung on the island of Bali, Indonesia, The Mount Batur trekking price is around IDR 100.000 ($6.38 USD) per person. It may vary from one season to another. The Mount Batur trek cost will be around IDR 800.000 ($51 USD) for 3 people inclusive of registration, private transfer, and a guide till 1PM.
Uluwatu Temple is regarded as one of the sad kahyangan and is dedicated to Sang Hyang Widhi Wasa in his manifestation as Rudra.[1], The Uluwatu Temple Bali entrance fee is IDR 30,000 ($2 USD) per person for adults and IDR 15,000 ($1 USD) for children
Mandala Suci Wenara Wana, or well known as Ubud Monkey Forest, is the sanctuary and natural habitat of the Balinese long-tailed macaque., Visit to the Ubud Monkey Forest are subject to an entrance fee of 50,000 IDR ($3 USD) per person for adult, and 40,000 IDR ($2.6 USD) per person for kid. The ticket can be bought at the ticket counter which located just before the entrance gate of the forest.
Goa Gajah, or Elephant Cave, is located on the island of Bali near Ubud, in Indonesia. Built in the 9th century, it served as a sanctuary., Goa Gajah entrance tikets cost for Adult 50.000 IDR ($3.4 USD), Child 25.000 IDR($ 1.6 USD), Parking 2500 - 10000 IDR ($ 0.15 USD - 0.64 USD)
Jatiluwih rice terraces cover more than 600 hectares of rice fields along the hillsides of the Batukaru mountain range and tend to be less crowded than Tegallalang. You'll also find fewer tourist touts here, so it's easier to walk around and explore without being hassled., The entrance fee for Jatiluwih Rice Terrace is 40,000 IDR per person (about $3 USD) and an extra 5,000 IDR (35c USD) for the car park.
Tegallalang is a district in the Gianyar Regency, Bali, Indonesia., Tegallalang entrance tikets cost 15.000 IDR ($1) per person, and 5000 ($ 0.33 USD) IDR for parking.
Pura Ulun Danu Beratan, or Pura Bratan, is a major Hindu Shaivite temple in Bali, Indonesia., The entrance fee for Pura Ulun Danu Bratan cost Adult 50.000 IDR ($3.4 USD), Child 25.000 IDR($ 1.6 USD), Parking 2500 - 10000 IDR ($ 0.15 USD - 0.64 USD)
Seminyak is a mixed tourist residential area on the west coast of Bali in Indonesia, just north of Kuta and Legian., The entrance fee for Seminyak Beach is depending on location and places visited.
Nusa Dua is a resort area built in the 1970s in the southern part of Bali, Indonesia, The entrance fee for Nusa Dua Beach is depending on location and places visited.
Besakih Temple is a pura complex in the village of Besakih on the slopes of Mount Agung in eastern Bali, Indonesia. It is the most important, the largest and holiest temple of Balinese Hinduism,[1] and one of a series of Balinese temples., visit to the Besakih Temple (Pura Besakih) are subject to an entrance fee of IDR 60,000 IDR ($ 4 USD) per person for adult, and IDR 30,000 ($ 2 USD) IDR per person for kid.
Kuta is a tourist area, administratively an urban village (kelurahan), and the capital of Kuta District, Badung Regency, southern Bali, Indonesia. A former fishing village, it was one of the first towns on Bali to see substantial tourist development, and as a beach resort remains one of Indonesia's major tourist destinations., Kuta Beach is accessible 24 hours, 7 days a week. No entrance fee is required. Beach chairs with umbrellas cost Rp50. 000 ($ 3.4 USD)
Pura Penataran Agung Lempuyang is a Balinese Hindu temple or pura located in the slope of Mount Lempuyang in Karangasem, Bali. Pura Penataran Agung Lempuyang is considered as part of a complex of pura surrounding Mount Lempuyang, one of the highly regarded temples of Bali., If previously visitors could explore the temple and give donations. Now for international visitors, the entrance fee is Rp55.000. The admission ticket doesn’t include a sarong, prepare Rp10.000 for the rent or bring one. Besides the entrance ticket, now to get to the temple visitors will have to park their private vehicles in the parking area. Then continue with the shuttle bus which cost another Rp50.000 for a return trip.
Sidemen Valley evokes the feel of Old Bali, before the tourist throngs descended on the island. Sleepy villages snuggle in the valley amid cascading rice terraces, and cloud-capped Mount Agung looms in the background like a benevolent sentry., The entrance fee for Sideman Valley is depending on location and places visited.
Tirta Empul temple (Indonesian: Pura Tirta Empul) is a Hindu Balinese water temple located near the town of Tampaksiring, Bali, Indonesia. The temple compound consists of a petirtaan or bathing structure, famous for its holy spring water, where Balinese Hindus go to for ritual purification. The temple pond. has a spring which gives out fresh water regularly, which Balinese Hindus consider to be holy or amritha.[1] Tirta Empul means Holy Spring in Balinese., visit to the Tirta Empul Temple are subject to an entrance fee of 50,000 IDR ($ 3.4 USD) per person for adult, and 25,000 IDR ($1.7 USD) per person for kid.
West Bali National Park (Indonesian: Taman Nasional Bali Barat) is a national park located in Buleleng Regency, Bali, Indonesia., West Bali National Park Entrance Fee: Rp200. 000 - Rp300. 000 ($ 15 USD - 21 USD) Opening Hours: 08:00 - 18:00 Telp. Number: - Address: Desa Pemuteran , Pemuteran, Buleleng , Jembrana, Bali , Indonesia , 81155
Garuda Wisnu Kencana Cultural Park (Indonesian: Taman Budaya Garuda Wisnu Kencana), or GWK, is a tourist destination and attraction located at Ungasan, Badung on the island of Bali, Indonesia, about 10–15 minutes drive from Ngurah Rai International Airport. It is devoted to the Hindu god Vishnu, and his mount, Garuda, the mythical bird who became his companion., Garuda Wisnu Kencana Cultural Park Entrance Fee: Rp100.000 - Rp125.000 ($7 - 8.3 USD) Opening Hours: 08:00 - 22:00 WITA 
Bali Zoo is a Large zoo featuring orangutans, elephants & African lions, plus interactive encounters & shows., Bali Zoo entrance fee starting From Rp 90.000 ($ 6 USD), Openin Hours: 09:00 - 17:00.
Bali Bird Park is a Animal park with exotic-bird shows, feedings & displays, plus reptiles, native plants & a cafe., The basic Bali Bird Park ticket costs IDR 385.000 ($ 24.54 USD) per person for adults and IDR 192.500 ($12.27 USD) for children between 2 to 12 years old. Apart from this, the reptile park Bali entrance fee is IDR 100.000 ($ 6.37 USD) for adults and IDR 50.000 (INR 237) for children between 3 to 10 years old.
Tirta Gangga is about Elegant spiritual retreat & gardens surrounded by natural springs, with swimming & picnicking., Tirtagangga palace entrance fee is Rp50.000 ($ 3.19 USD)  for international tourists. Visitors could swim in the spring water pool with an extra Rp20.000 ($ 1.27 USD).
Tegenungan Waterfall is a Scenic waterfall in a lush jungle setting above a shallow bathing area, with cafes nearby., visit to the Tegenungan Waterfall are subject to an entrance fee of 15,000 IDR ($ 0.96 USD) per person for adult and 10,000 IDR ($ 0.64 USD) per person for child. Tickets can be purchased at the ticket counter in the parking area in front of the waterfall entrance.
Bali Swing Adventure outfit offering a range of tours, rafting trips & rope swings with jungle views., Bali swing cost 10 USD to 45 USD
Waterboom Bali is a Lively water park with a rides for all ages, plus restaurants, a food court & a swim-up bar., Waterboom Bali single days pass costs around IDR 355,000 ($ 22.63 USD) for children who are 2 to 11 years old, IDR 495,000 ($ 31.55 USD) for adults, and IDR 1,565,000 ($ 99.75 USD) for family (2 adults, 2 children). There is a two-day pass also for those who want to visit again.
Campuhan Ridge Walk is a Lush, scenic locale known for its mellow hiking trails & sweeping hilltop views., Campuhan Ridge Walk is a free and easy nature trek, popular among regular visitors in the central highland town of Ubud. This trail presents a pristine outback to escape from the contemporary boutique, guesthouse and restaurant-lined Jalan Raya Ubud.
Bali Safari and Marine Park is a Family-friendly locale offering safaris for animal viewing, elephant rides & a water park., the basic Bali Safari and Marine Park entry fee is IDR 720,000 ($ 45.89 USD) for adults and IDR 576,000 ($ 36.71 USD) for children. Apart from this, if one wants to take a pickup service, they have to pay an extra amount of IDR 450,000 ($ 28.68 USD) per car for both ways
Bajra Sandhi Monument is a Ornate, landmark monument to the Balinese people, with a grassy surrounding park., visit to the Bajra Sandhi Monument are subject to an entrance IDR 30,000 for adult and IDR 15,000 for child ($0.96 - 1.91 USD).
Sukawati Art Market is a Colorful marketplace with merchants selling apparel, jewelry, locally made souvenirs & more., Sukawati Art Market Price is  depending on location and places visited.
Taman Ujung is scenic, former water palace built in 1909 features gardens, large pools & historical photos., Taman Ujung Price is  50.000 - 75.000 IDR ($ 3.19 - 4.78 USD)
Secret Garden Village is a Beatiful Garden Located in Jalan Raya Denpasar, Bali., Secret Garden Village Price is  starting from 45.000 ($ 2.87 USD).
Penglipuran Village is a Traditional Balinese village selling handicrafts & local produce & offering homestay accommodation., Penglipuran Village Price is  starting from 50.000 IDR ($ 3.48 USD).
Banjar Hot Spring is a Hot springs complex surrounded by tropical gardens offering pools & showers, plus an eatery & a spa., Banjar Hot Spring Price is starting from IDR 20.000 ($ 1.40 USD).
Bali Pulina is Sprawling venue with lush, tropical vegetation, coffee & tea tastings & a zipline through foliage., Bali Pulina Price is starting from IDR 100.000 ($ 6.37 USD).
Goa Lawah Temple is a small, 11th-century Balinese Hindu temple was constructed around a bat-filled cave., Goa Lawah Temple Price is starting from IDR 20.000 ($ 1.40 USD).
Pantai Batu Bolong is well-known sandy beach near shops & restaurants is popular with surfers & has board rentals, Pantai Batu Bolong Price is  parking fee is included ranging from 5000 IDR (car) and IDR 2000 (motorcycle), ($ 0.13 - 0.32 USD).